Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Hey, hey, are you really getting married?!
That's nuts!
Sis...
Knock it off.
Are you going to bring your fiancée to Aso?!
By the way, are there any tasty pastry shops in Tokyo?
I don't answer her calls,
so now it's a barrage of texts.
She has no idea what I'm dealing with.
But how could she?
It's Thursday already.
I really do have to go back
to Aso this weekend.
I'll go home, see everyone, and tell them
the marriage thing is a total lie.
Otherwise, things will get messy.
But what a bother.
Isn't there some way I can do this
without going home?
The frog stone Honjoji-san gave me.
You're like a lovely couple
right out of a story.
No, no, no!
I'm sorry, Princess.
That's not... That's not what we're like!
And how do I still feel so good
when all she did was give me a stone?!
This thing amounts to nothing.
But I wonder why Honjoji-san
bothered to come all the way here.
So, please stop letting other women
into your apartment.
Maybe...
Maybe she came to warn me because I'm not
sticking properly to the fake marriage plan?!
What am I saying, I don't want to go home?
I need to do everything I can!
This plan belongs to us both!
JTC Tourist
JTC Travel
348 days until
Can We Share Our Lives?
I've been afraid to do anything
since that day.
It's like, whatever I do,
I'll make the situation worse.
There go those memories again.
Why did I say such a thing?
It's Friday already.
Well, the data has spoken.
I wonder if Ohara-kun's going home to Aso.
The aquarium is a better
dating spot than the zoo.
I'd like to ask, but...
Maybe I've been stressed for so long
it's making me crazy.
I've never been this close to someone,
and all my thoughts are nonsense.
Oh, that reminds me!
Ohara-san, aren't you going back
to your folks' place this weekend?
Back home?
The two of you?
Is it that whole "meeting the parents" thing?
Huh? H-How does Gonda-kun know about this?
I haven't told anyone, so who did?!
Isojima
Meeting the parents never goes well, does it?
It sure didn't for me.
After all, my belly was huge
when I met mine the first time.
W-Wait a minute.
I have to respond somehow.
But I don't know Ohara-kun's plans.
Besides, I...
The way I've been...
If I speak up now,
Please let me know whether the aforementioned hotel is available
for booking. I will send you more information about the plan.
Wishing you the besssssssssss
who knows what terrible things I'd say?!
It's nothing!
I'm just going back to deal with boring stuff.
Now, go on. Back to work.
Aw, darn.
I was going to ask him all sorts
of questions once he got back.
Honjoji-san, I'm going to
make the trip alone.
Yeah, really.
Don't worry, I'll be sure to stick to the plan.
Incoming call
Number withheld
Yes?
I hear he's going to visit his family.
Of course, you're going to go
with him, aren't you, Honjoji-san?
Uh, to whom am I speaking?
You're getting married, so
it's only natural you'd go together.
I'm watching you.
Senmori Animal Clinic
Kama-chan, how've you been?
Settle down!
You don't have an exam today.
You're staying at the Senmori Clinic Hotel!
Thanks. Please look after him.
I'll come get him tomorrow.
Sure thing.
Good thing the hotel wasn't booked up.
I bet Kama-chan's happy too.
This is the number-one cat inn in Kanto.
But you don't usually travel.
Where are you going?
W-Well, to see my family.
This time it was Honjoji-san
who received that call.
Who is it? Someone at work?
I'm supposed to do this alone, but now
we both have to go, thanks to the call.
But I can't see what they're after.
Is it a threat or an obstruction?
Or maybe...
No, one problem at a time.
What to do once we get to my parents'...
I'll go home, and tell them
the marriage is fake.
Then we'll get them to help
by not telling work about our plan.
This way we can safeguard the plan,
and it'll just look like she went
with me to meet my family.
It'd seem unnatural
to come back the same day.
We'll stay a night at a business hotel
in Kumamoto, then return to Tokyo.
That'll do it.
Total due
Your bill
Credit
Cash
Your change
Pay
Will you be paying by card?
I've got to pay for Honjoji-san's
hotel charge and plane ticket.
And I need to thank them
for covering our shifts at work.
So much money...
It's too expensive?!
Oh, no! I didn't mean that!
Ohara-san, you seem tired.
M-Maybe I am.
I've been dealing with a lot lately.
Is that so?
I'm afraid I don't have any
medicine for humans here.
All I can do is cheer for you.
Go! Go! Ohara-san!
You can do it, Ohara-san!
Huh?
Senmori Animal Clinic
She's a good doctor, but an oddball.
Kama, I don't want to
leave you behind either.
This is so we can keep living together.
This plan belongs to me,
Honjoji-san, and you.
All three of us!
Mount Aso
I'm a little relieved
now that we're both going.
Because the truth is, I owe them an apology.
But I have yet to figure out
how to apologize.
I had better get ready.
What should I wear?
I have no idea.
Hey, is this okay?
High-Quality Maps
Is it okay?
Hey, are these clothes okay to wear there?
Are they, Mommy?
You can decide what clothes
to wear, can't you?
But when I decide, it looks bad.
That's not true.
Just wear what you'd like to wear.
Rika-san, you should be more confident.
You're a very smart girl.
It's about that time.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
N-No problem!
W-Wow, Honjoji-san in travel mode.
Why did I show up wearing a backpack?
Okinawa
Sapporo
Kumamoto
Hachijo-jima
Nakashibetsu
Okayama
Don't get the wrong idea.
This is a trip to tell them it's a lie.
But it sure does feel like she's
going to meet her future in-laws.
Kumamoto, huh?
Was this a good outfit to choose?
But I have no idea what's a good outfit
for revealing a lie to a coworker's family.
Um, have you ever been to Kumamoto?
I have.
Several times, when I was a child.
Were those family vacations?
Something like that.
Why'd she react like that?
Did I ask a weird question?
It's not like me to
make conversation like this.
Uh, Ohara-kun!
Do you want to hear about my family?
I've heard all about you, but
I haven't talked about myself at all.
Y-You don't need to feel obligated.
Not at all! But it might come up
in conversation at some point.
Then I would like to hear.
O-Okay, I will talk about my family.
Although, I'm not sure what to say.
It's not an especially engaging topic.
What was your childhood like?
My childhood?
Not much different from now.
High-Quality Maps
I'm home!
My father wasn't around,
so my mother and I lived by ourselves.
Rika-san,
I have to go to Fukuyama in Hiroshima
for work. Sorry this happens so much.
Ms. Aki will come check on you at night.
If anything comes up, be sure to call me.
The hotel I'm staying at is the
Fukuyama Mountain Inn.
My mother had to go on business
trips all over the place,
so I was often the only one at home.
Fukuyama.
Kobe
Osaka
Sakai
Higashiosaka
Nara
Kashihara
Osaka Bay
Wakayama
Kii Mountains
I spent most of my time alone
looking at maps.
You really haven't changed much.
Rika-san, I have to go to Fukuyama in Hiroshima for work. Sorry this happens so much.
Fukuyama, Fukuyama.
Fukuyama in Hiroshima.
Found it!
It's the fifth time for Hiroshima.
That's far away. How would you
get there from Tachikawa?
Mommy.
Me.
Mommy and I are departing Tachikawa!
Our destination, Fukuyama in Hiroshima!
I passed the time playing like that.
It's Mount Fuji!
You can see it now!
It sure is tall.
Wow, Mommy! Look how tall it is!
Honjoji residence.
Oh, Ms. Aki.
Sorry, Rika-chan. I'll be over
as soon as I'm off work.
It's okay, I ate some strawberries.
I really am sorry!
I bet you're lonely,
always at home by yourself.
Shame on your mommy!
She should spend more time at home.
I'm not lonely at all.
Mom's working hard for her job.
And I'm good at minding the house.
Now, how far did we get?
Oh, right! We're at Fukuyama already!
Yay, we've arrived! It's Fukuyama!
It has a harbor!
Fukuda
Remains of Kusado Sengen
Fukuyama Castle Ruins
Fukuyama
Tomo
Minomi
Ashida
River
It has mountains, and islands,
and wow! A castle, too!
I like this city! I wonder what it's like!
Fukuda
Higashiodo
Renjuku & former
residence of Suga Chazan
Kasaoka
Fukuyama Castle Ruins
Fukuyama
Remains of Kusado Sengen
Minomi
Renjuku & former
residence of Suga Chazan
Kasaoka
Fukuyama Castle Ruins
Fukuyama
Remains of Kusado Sengen
Wow, you can see the ocean!
It's amazing, Mommy!
Let's go to the hotel next!
I wonder what route we'll take!
P-Pretty boring topic.
No.
It isn't boring at all.
O-Oh, okay.
Here I am. Home.
Uh, best of luck to us both.
I'll do everything I can, too.
Yes, let's get this done.
Right.
Taku-chan.
Grandma?!
Bless my soul! You're back in Kumamoto!
Y-Yeah.
Been a long time, ain't it?
"Grandma"?
Um, this is my grandmother.
On my father's side.
What brings you here?
I was bringin' melons to the airport.
You know Ogata-san?
He said he'd sell some here for us.
Grown in Kumamoto Prefecture
Oh listen here, you need a lift?
Huh?
Ain't you goin' home to Aso?
W-Well, yes.
Mom, we're here!
Haruko, Izumi. Make yourselves at home.
Huh? Where're you going, Dad?
To your grandma's to help with shipping.
Takuya'll be here by the time I'm done.
Speaking of which, what time
is Taku-chan getting here?
Beats me.
I tried callin', but he didn't answer.
I also texted, but no response.
If he's gettin' married, he coulda
let us know sooner than this.
Maybe he don't wanna talk
to his scary big sisters.
Aww, we ain't scary.
Tokyo's way scarier than us.
How many years since you
been back this way, Taku-chan?
By the way, who's that with you?
U-Um, my name is Honjoji.
I'm Ohara-san's, um, coworker.
Well ain't you the cutest thing!
Knock that off!
Oh yeah, I plumb forgot!
Ain't you gettin' married, Taku-chan?
Don't tell me she's the lucky lady?
Koichi mentioned it a number of times.
Said Taku-chan had himself a wife-to-be
and was comin' home.
What?!
Um, that whole story is a lie!
We aren't going to get married.
I'm sorry for any trouble
it's caused everyone here.
That's right.
It's not like that at all with us.
Sounds like you got a lot on your plates.
Fruit
We're here. Have some
melon or somethin' before you go.
But, we need to get to the house.
You can spare a minute.
You used to be thrilled to come by.
We grow fruit here.
Would you like some to take home?
We're gettin' these ready to ship.
Your grandpa's got a strained back now.
I've been workin' on this by my lonesome.
Aww, it hurts!
I'll help you box them.
Oh yeah?
Well then, maybe I'll go snip some melons.
Grown in Kumamoto Prefecture
Sorry, Honjoji-san. This won't take long.
Excuse me, ma'am.
Is there anything I can help with?
You bet. Wanna try snippin' melons?
Ever done it?
No, never.
Aww, anybody can do it.
But not in those clothes.
You go ahead and put this on.
Okay.
Sorry. It's none too stylish.
It's fine.
You snip with the clippers.
But not too close to the fruit.
All right.
I've come to reveal a lie, and
somehow, I'm harvesting melons.
It's hot.
This is such nice scenery.
Come to think of it,
this is an ancient caldera.
Where magma once flowed,
people are living and farming,
and even trains pass through.
Human activity is amazing.
Oh, whoops.
This is no time to be
captivated by the terrain.
Long time no see, Grandpa.
Aww, it hurts.
Is your back okay?
Aww, it hurts!
Bet you're tuckered out.
Try some melon. Here.
All right.
It's good!
Sure is!
We put a lotta hard work into our melons.
Your fields are magnificent.
Are they? I'm so used to seein' 'em.
Used to be fields all over the place here.
Grapes, melons, strawberries, everywhere.
But it's shrunk down a lot now.
And people used to work so much,
they nearly never went inside.
Grandpa, you want to watch TV?
Aww, its hurts.
Just so much less now.
I see.
You don't gotta hide it, hon.
You two actually are gettin' married, ain't ya?
I can tell.
Wisdom comes with age.
Ma'am, please listen!
We really aren't going to get married!
Because Taku-chan said
he was comin' back to Aso.
It'd be hard for him to announce
he's gettin' married anywhere else.
The men in our family are bad
with words, and stubborn to boot,
which is a pain when things get complicated.
This land's important to Koichi,
but he mustn't be unreasonable.
Taku-chan should just ignore his complaints.
He's so awkward.
Must make things hard for you.
I'm the same way, so I can't comment.
But listen here, hon.
Try to always get along with Taku-chan.
I reckon y'all got things
you can't talk about,
but if he's happy, then I'm happy.
It was easy to tell when I saw his face.
He really does care for you.
You take good care of him.
U-Um, ma'am! It's not like that!
It's not like...
Hon?
Oh no, heatstroke! Someone help!
Taku-chan, come quick!
H-Honjoji-san!
I'll ring Dr. Whiskers.
You get her inside.
A-All right.
Carry her gently. Gently!
U-Um...
Um... Um...
You're gonna be okay!
Aww, it hurts!
Sh-She's heavy!
My back's gonna break!
The doctor said he'll make a house call!
Taku-chan, you can go in through here!
A-All right. Open it for me, Grandma!
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Dad?!